Now that we have these borders are on the edge of the screen.
I want to try to enable it click and drag functionality on this single little square right there.
So more or less the same behavior that we see over here.
When we click and drag on a shape adding in this click and drag functionality is really surprisingly
easy to do.
This is something that matter J.S. wanted to make really easy to add to any project so it's just a couple
of lines of code to add in the ability to click and drag something to move it around you get started
off on my index dot J.S. file I'll go up to the top and find where we are pulling off some different
properties from the matter library I'm going to pull off another property called Mouse constraint so
we're going to use this object right here to set up something called you guessed it a mouse constraint.
This essentially means that we're going to set up something to respond directly to mouse input I'm going
to go down right after our runner dot run line and I'm going to create the constraints and then add
it to our world so I will say World dot ad world and I'm gonna pass in as the second argument mouse
constraint not create as the first arguments that I'll pass in my engine and then as the second argument
will pass in an options object that's going to have a mouse property.
And for that I'll say mouse dot create render dot canvas and I think I missed one other thing that we
have to require into this file or D structure off of matter we need to make sure we grab mouse as well
so I'm gonna go back up here and just make sure they pull in the mouse object as well.
Okay.
So believe or not that is pretty much it right there.
So going to save this.
I'm going to go back over and now if I refresh I can click and drag on that object and throw it around
the screen and let us so when I click and drag.
I get that kind of green line is supposed to represent a spring or essentially a force that we are trying
to apply to this little square.
Now all we have to do is start to add in a bunch of other shapes to this thing and we'll have something
very much like demo that we saw back over here.
So another quick pause and let's try to add in a bunch more shapes in the next video.